Installing:
- Create the service file with 'sudo nano /etc/systemd/system/godvillebot.service'
- Paste the service file information and use Ctrl + O, then Enter to save, Ctrl + X to exit.
- Reload systemd configuration: 'sudo systemctl daemon-reload'
- Enable the service: 'sudo systemctl enable godvillebot.service'
- Start the service: 'sudo systemctl start godvillebot.service'

General:
- After enabling the service ('sudo systemctl enable godvillebot.service'),
  the bot will automatically start when the Compute Engine instance (re)starts.
- To update the repository, connect through SSH and run 'cd godvillebot' and 'git pull'.
- To restart the bot with these changes, run 'sudo systemctl restart godvillebot.service'.

Service Commands:

1.  To reload systemd configuration after making changes to the .service file:
    sudo systemctl daemon-reload

2.  To enable the service to start automatically on boot:
    sudo systemctl enable godvillebot.service

3.  To disable the service (prevent it from starting on boot, but doesn't stop it if running):
    sudo systemctl disable godvillebot.service

4.  To start the godvillebot service:
    sudo systemctl start godvillebot.service

5.  To stop the godvillebot service:
    sudo systemctl stop godvillebot.service

6.  To restart the godvillebot service (stops then starts it):
    sudo systemctl restart godvillebot.service

7.  To view the current status of the godvillebot service (running, stopped, failed, etc.):
    systemctl status godvillebot.service

Viewing Service Logs:

8.  To view current and past logs for the godvillebot service (use 'q' to exit less):
    journalctl -u godvillebot.service

9.  To view logs and follow new entries in real-time (like 'tail -f'):
    journalctl -u godvillebot.service -f

10. To view logs from a specific boot:
    journalctl -b -u godvillebot.service

11. To view logs since a specific time (e.g., last hour, yesterday):
    journalctl --since "1 hour ago" -u godvillebot.service
    journalctl --since "yesterday" -u godvillebot.service
    journalctl --since "2025-08-13 08:30:00" -u godvillebot.service
    journalctl --since "2025-08-13" -u godvillebot.service (assumes 00:00:00)
    journalctl --since "08:30:00" -u godvillebot.service (assumes today)

https://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man1/journalctl.1.html#FILTERING_OPTIONS
